Last January, I started searching for tools to help me grow my garden.  I'm a
lazy software hacker by profession, and something of a planner by nature.  I
wanted tools to help me create a garden calendar and plot out my garden, and
maybe some electronics to help out with automatically watering my garden in the
summer.

I never found any really good freely available tools, and certainly no open
source tools, so I gave up and started writing my own.  I ended up creating
several different projects, including an Android app called ColdSnap that
notifies of incoming frosts, a garden calendaring/task list tool, and an
Arduino-based watering system, loosely based off the Garduino.

This January, I presented my tools at Linux Conference Australia in a talk
called "Growing food with Open Source".  I was amazed by the interest from the
conference attendees, and by how many people told me about geeky garden projects
I had never heard of.  There was one person who told me they had already done
the watering automation project I presented in the talk, but they were too
worried about being in front of an audience to ever present on it!

Of course, I wanted to keep in contact with all the awesome garden hackers at
LCA, and hear about any projects they were working on.  I realized there was no
online representation for this community, where people combine their software
and hardware expertise with their passion for gardening.  So I created it.

<b>Welcome to GardenGeek.org!</b>  I hope you can contribute to this community, or use
this site to find a cool garden project to work on.

There's several ways you can contribute to GardenGeek.org:

* Want to get some help on a project or just say hi?<br>Join the GardenGeek Google
group.

* Know of a really cool project?<br>Add a link to the project page.

* Read an interesting article on garden science?<br>Add a note to the
research page.

* Want to talk about your awesome project or some garden experiments you've
been conducting?<br>Contribute a blog post.

You can sign up to edit the pages here.  If you want to contribute a blog post,
mention the subject and your username on the google group, and I'll give your
username the permissions to make a blog post.
